Add support for ByRole with name (#1127)
callstack/react-native-testing-library: website/docs/Queries.md

const element = screen.getByRole('button');
```

#### Options

> `name`: Finds an element with given `accessibilityRole` and an accessible name (equivalent to `ByText` or `queryByLabelText`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`name`: Finds an element with given `accessibilityRole` and an accessible name (equivalent to `byText` or `byLabelText` query).
```
